PR #672 — feat(doctor): add doctor.sh v2 + Tier 2 watchdog-of-watchdogs
Section 1: Git provenance — HEAD, branch, merge-base, commits ahead.
Section 2: Commit log (6 commits ahead of main).
Section 3: Diff stat — 5 new files, 781 LOC.
Section 4: PR status — headRefOid c6918fbbf, reviewDecision APPROVED, mergeable.
Section 5a: Tier 1 hermes-watchdog restored — exit 0, dedup working.
Section 5b: Tier 2 health-guardian new — exit 0, all checks green.
Section 5c: Tier 1 ai.agento.health — state not running (interval job).
Section 5d: TDD Red phase — broken staging config caught by check_scm_config_in_staging. Exits 1.
Section 5e: TDD Green phase — test config with all 10 projects having scm: passes. Exits 0.
Section 6: Post-run SHA matches initial HEAD. Captured at SHA c6918fbbf1041e87bc510d06f8d69c10effccc1c.